---
layout: page
title: J O Y
permalink: /INFO/4/
---

## J  0  Y

### J is for Jesus. **Jesus is first!**

Putting Jesus FIRST ... means that we put the PERFECT Son of our Creator first. We think about the PERFECT way that things should be done.

J O Y ! ! ! starts with Jesus. Perfection has to come first in our minds, above everything and ahead of all else

### O is of Others

Other people, other best practices, other human principles, eg Constitution, the Rule of Law, the way that an engineering standard is currently implemented, the best available other scientific knowledge as we currently understand it ... these ***other*** things, like *other* human beings are are to be respected and loved equally ... as we love ourselves ... but ALL of these **other** things are IMPERFECT, in a state of still being perfected ... thus a distant second to Jesus 
 
### Y is for you

YOU get to experience JOY when your priorities are correct ... but not until then.

When we focus on ourselves or we get stuck on ourselves, our opinions of why we believe what we believe ... then it's just YOU all alone, on your own ... and YOU deserve to be miserable, because YOU have put yourself ahead of OTHERS and you have even put yourself on a higher pedestal than the PEFECTION of Jesus ... when you are all alone, you are just left with a big Y ... WHY should anyone care about YOU?

## **Jesus has to come first!**

Not churches, not community organizations, not causes ... JESUS has to come first. Perfection has to come first.